[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Grim Butterfly
of Despair."
[energy chiming]
[energy flowing]
- Now then, Rion,
let's embark on our journey
to purify the world.
[dramatic music playing]
INUYASHA: It's on the move.
KAGOME: I wonder
what it's trying to do.
- We shall rid the world
of all unworthy demons.
[energy surges]
[demons screaming]
[Takechiyo shudders]
- It's absorbing the demons.
- What incredible power.
- Mr. Kirin meant what he said.
He's going to eliminate
every demon in this world.
- Oh, no!
It's headed for Mamiana Island!
We can't let that thing
get to my family!
- In that case, I'll give it
a taste of Meido Zangetsuha.
- RIKU: No! Wait!
- Huh?
- Miss Rion is being held
a prisoner inside that thing.
- Well, I can't worry
about her now!
- Dad!
- [both] Huh?
- Riku's right! We promised
that we would save Rion!
- [grumbles]
Why'd you have to go
and do that?
- [bell clanging]
- [crowd yelling]
- It's coming!
- [yelling]
- Everyone, run!
- [whimpers]
- DEMON: It's coming this way!
- [wails]
- [yells]
- [groans]
- Shippo...
get me closer
to the Grim Butterfly!
- SHIPPO: What?!
- Move it!
- [slap echoes]
- [Shippo screams]
[yelps]
RION: Don't you dare interfere!
[energy chittering]
[Shippo gasping]
KAGOME: Inuyasha!
- Got it!
Adamant Barrage!
It neutralized my attack.
- [whimpers]
[sighs]
- It moved!
- [cheering]
- Oh, thank heavens!
Lady Kagome and Inuyasha,
they're alive!
- If we don't stop it soon,
things are gonna get real ugly!
- Takechiyo,
get us closer to it.
- Okay, but what's the plan?
- We're going
inside of that thing!
- And we're
going to save Rion!
- You'll be all right?
- I will assist them.
[mysterious music playing]
Miss Rion!
I have brought Lady Towa
and the others.
Please, allow us to enter!
- Well, what do you know?
She's being reasonable.
- 'Course she is.
Miss Rion wants us to save her.
I'm certain of it.
- All right, let's go!
- Right!
[all grunting]
- Okay! Hang on.
- Here we g--
- [both gasp]
[energy chittering]
- Get us out of here,
Shippo, quick!
[Shippo gasps]
[Takechiyo yelps]
- We can't leave something
like that on the loose!
We gotta stop
that damn butterfly!
- Yeah, but how?
- We'll need Buddhist power
to suppress it.
That, along with
your spirit power,
ought to do the trick!
- All right.
- Hey, Takechiyo!
Let the demon slayers know
we're gonna need backup,
and get Miroku!
- Don't worry! I'm on it!
Hey!
- [cheering]
- That's...
- It's Master Takechiyo!
- [chatter]
- Master Takechiyo!
- [grunts]
Brother!
- Quickly, go and get
everybody underground!
- Are you coming?
- No way!
Somebody's gotta
stay up here and fight 'em!
- Want me to join you?
- I could use the help.
Kikunosuke, it's up to you
to make sure
to keep our people safe.
- Count on me!
- Come on, Hachi!
- Yes, sir!
- Good luck, Brother!
You be careful, okay?!
[footsteps shuffling]
- Riku, what did
you mean earlier
when you said
Rion wants us to save her?
The fact that she wasn't
able to kill her father
might mean that...
- [sighs]
KIRIN: You dare to enter this
sacred place without permission?
How very presumptuous of you.
[ominous music playing]
- It was Miss Rion
who granted us permission,
and I'm convinced it's
because she wants to be saved!
- Rion did that?
Well, no matter. I suppose
she was feeling lonely.
"Uneasy lies the head that
wears the crown," and all that.
- Mr. Kirin! I don't understand!
What are you doing?!
- Come clean!
You tricked us, didn't you?!
- No. This is the world
that Rion always wished for,
a peaceful world
without strife,
an ideal world that even I
could scarcely have imagined.
- Rion couldn't have wished
for this kind of world!
- You're so full of crap!
- Miss Towa...
I thought you at least
would be able to understand,
but it seems
I overestimated you.
How disappointing.
- What?!
KIRIN: It goes without saying
that demons are fools,
but humans are just
as foolish, aren't they?
No matter how much
their so-called
civilization flourishes,
they remain constantly
at war with each other.
And now, in the Reiwa era,
humans have the power
to annihilate
themselves completely.
- [sighs]
But even if that's true...
- You know it's true.
Humans will always need someone
to master them
and to control them.
- There's no way
that's what Rion wishes for!
- Oh, Miss Towa...
do you know how many wars
have been waged
by humans in this world?
You've learned
about some of them
in history class, haven't you?!
It would appear that I'm
going to have to give you
some special tutoring!
- I'll handle this.
Setsuna and Moroha, find Rion.
- Are you going to be all right?
- Go ahead. Miss Rion
needs to be found quickly!
I will stay
and protect Lady Towa.
- I'll be right behind you!
- You better!
- All right, then!
- You won't be going anywhere,
none of you!
- [yells]
- Now's your chance!
- Right!
- [Towa groans]
- Stop!
Where do you think
you're going?!
[earring chimes]
[chuckles]
[sighs] Fine.
Since we seem to have
this time together,
one thing I've
never understood is why Rion
bestowed the Zanseiken
on a half-demon like you.
After all, was it not
a despicable half-demon
that killed her?
- She said...
she wanted me to use it
to defeat Kirinmaru.
- [thinking] It's true.
Miss Rion was killed
by the half-demon Sakasa.
And yet, in spite of that,
she has never once
spoken ill of him.
That's it!
Lady Towa, I believe
that Miss Rion actually--
RION: Silence!
- [gasps]
- Riku!
- [screams]
- Now that we're free
from any further interruptions,
shall we begin
your private tutoring?
- [sighs]
[wind blowing]
- You've no idea how long
I've waited for this moment.
- How pitiful.
- What?!
What the hell
are you talking about?
- I'm speaking of you.
- [growls]
Go to hell!
[dramatic music playing]
[yells]
Blasting Barrage!
- Bakusaiga!
- [grumbles]
[yells]
[yelling]
- Good heavens. What a battle.
- [sighs]
[both panting]
[both gasp]
- Rion! What the hell
are you doing up there?!
- Is this really
the world that you wished for?
[energy surges]
- You shouldn't have come here!
What's up with
all these threads?
They're moving toward us!
- [yells]
[yelps]
- [shudders]
[gasping]
'Kay, this is bad.
[demons growling]
- Hurry! Everyone
get to the shrine!
[gasps]
[demons growl]
- [yells]
Disperse, demons!
[demons growl]
- [growls]
- Take that!
- No going off on your own!
We pick a spot
and fight together!
- Take this! And this!
- And that! And that!
BOTH: Bull's-eye!
- Your turn, Hisui!
- Go on! Go get 'em!
- Hiraikotsu!
Not good.
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
- Black Hiraikotsu!
[demons growling]
- Nicely done, Mother!
- Looks like Hisui
still has a ways to go.
- I'm sorry about that, Mother.
- Don't be. You've made me proud
of how far you've
already come, Hisui.
[both grumble]
- [chuckles]
- The swarm of demons has
been thinned out quite a bit.
TAKECHIYO: Hey!
- Huh?
- Over here, Miroku!
- This way!
- Takechiyo! Hachiemon!
[blades clashing]
- See all of these books?
I've accumulated
this vast library
on all on human history.
Miss Towa,
this might surprise you,
but believe it or not,
I actually wanted
to become a history teacher.
- [gasps]
and seen all sorts
of different civilizations.
Then I was flung
into the Reiwa era
and found its history books
full of lies and deceit.
All throughout history,
demons have intervened
to save the lives
of humans countless times,
and yet I couldn't
find a single mention
of anything involving demons
in any history textbook.
We were relegated
to fairy tales and fables.
We demons were regarded
only as monsters to be slain.
I wanted to teach humans
true history
as it really happened,
but my efforts were in vain,
because humans have
no interest in the truth!
So Rion and I
will create a new history.
It will begin
when Rion is installed
as the rightful ruler
of this world.
- Rion would never wish
for something like that!
- [gasps]
And what would you know
about what Rion wishes for?!
After all, I'm Rion's father!
I know her better than anyone!
- But you're not her father!
You're just his right arm!
- [grumbles]
Zanseiken!
[dramatic music playing]
- [gasps]
My demon powers.
- I think our session is over.
- [yelps]
- [groaning]
These threads are so strong.
- [blade pulsing]
- Huh?
Yukari no Tachikiri?!
We can't keep this up.
- So what do you suggest, then?
- These are all threads of fate.
We need to find
the ones connected to Rion
and sever them!
- Yeah, well, don't look at me!
I thought that was your job!
- [gasps]
- [both grunt]
- I'll point them out!
Okay, it's worth a shot,
I guess.
All right,
let's do this, damn it!
Ready when you are!
[threads chiming]
Hey, watch out! Setsuna!
- [gasps]
[blade pulses]
There's one right there!
[yells]
- You got one?
RION: Father would fight
every day, all day.
- [gasps]
- I would worry about him.
[Setsuna gasps]
- What the hell was that?
- It was Rion's voice.
- [gasps]
Here they come again!
[blade pulses]
The green thread!
- [yells]
Okay, then, how about this?!
I got it!
- My father
never gave a thought
for what I might be feeling.
- [gasps] Hah!
- The fact is, he didn't
care about me at all.
MOROHA: That voice,
it's saying what's in her heart.
[demons screaming]
- That is
a truly terrifying sight!
MIROKU: Inuyasha!
SANGO: Kagome!
SISTERS: Hey!
- It's so good
to know you're both alive.
- Hmm.
- We can talk later.
Miroku, demon powers aren't
any good against this thing.
We'll need Buddhist powers
to stop it!
- But can even Buddhist power
stop something that big?!
- It certainly won't be easy.
Nonetheless,
I will give it a try!
- We shall all try together.
ALL: All right!
MIROKU: We'll make a barrier
and lure the creature into it!
- Okay!
- Got it!
- Once I've defeated you,
I will at last be known
as the strongest demon of all!
- Why does that
mean so much to you?
- Because it is
what Rion wishes!
What's this? Didn't
the Great Dog-Demon warn you
not to bring women and children
to the battlefield?!
- I'll tell you something
you should already know.
- [gasps]
- Anyone who would sink
to using such tactics
will never be the strongest.
- [growls]
- The reality is Rion and I
don't see much to admire
in these humans.
Surely, Miss Towa,
even you can't be blind
to the ugliness of humanity,
especially in the Reiwa era!
Their society rejects anyone
who's even a little different!
They reject them,
just as we demons
have always been rejected
and chased from our homes
and made to feel
as if we were inferior!
- You can't blame
all of humanity
for the way some people behave!
There are good humans
and bad humans,
just like there are
good demons and bad demons!
- Which makes you...
one of the bad ones!
ROKUTA: Sir! We're all set up!
- [grunts]
All right, then.
Light the signal fire!
- Oh, wow, this is
so exciting, isn't it?
- Yeah, this is just
the chance we wanted
to try out all those
new weapons we developed.
- Girls, make sure
to stay focused, okay?
BOTH: Yes, Mother.
- HISUI: Father!
- Hmm?
- Preparations on the barrier
are complete.
- Understood, Hisui.
- Are you ready?
- [grunts]
- No way! No way! How'd I
get chosen to be the bait?!
- Stop complaining, and get
that Butterfly's attention!
- But I didn't
even volunteer for this!
Agh! It's coming!
Save me! Save me!
Somebody save me!
- Ready?!
All right. Fire away!
- [coughs]
What the heck's going on now?!
- Stop yapping,
and hold your breath!
It won't last long!
[Gyokuto giggles]
I knew my specially made,
demon-repelling stink bombs
would do the trick!
- That's nothing! Watch this!
Hah!
How 'bout that?! [giggles]
- [sighs]
- BOTH: Oh, no!
KIN'U: It's going
to escape the barrier!
- SANGO: Hachi!
- Mm-hmm!
- Oh, no, you don't!
Black Hiraikotsu!
HISUI: All right!
SANGO:
Now's your chance, Miroku!
- Failure is not an option,
Lady Kagome.
Let's do this!
- You got it.
Take this, butterfly!
- Nice one, Kagome!
- I'll take care of the rest!
Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat;
meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light to your path
lies therein.
[yells]
- Wow! They really did it!
- We pulled it off!
- We did it! We did it!
- The mission was a success!
Well done, everyone!
- Yeah!
INUYASHA: Nicely done!
- Thanks.
- All we've done
is delay the inevitable.
- Hmm. Maybe.
We'll just have to count
on Moroha and the others.
- Moroha! The blue one!
- [yells]
RION: Do you have any idea
what it's like
to have such a father?!
- Tell us!
Come down from there, and talk!
- Rion, think about it.
Is this really what you want?
- Silence, both of you!
You don't know what I want!
[both gasp]
- [yells]
- [grunts]
- [chuckles]
Well, well.
You're acting
just like a human.
- What did you say?!
- There's a limit
to human abilities,
and I believe you've reached it.
Farewell, Miss Towa!
- [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
KIRINMARU: A demon's instincts
are all I have left now!
Let us finish this battle,
Sesshomaru!
SESSHOMARU: Agreed.
MOROHA: You want me
to sever another thread?!
TOWA: Rion, you have to tell us
how you really feel!
SETSUNA: Stop, Towa!
Don't use the Zanseiken!
KIRINMARU: Fight, Rion. Fight.
TOWA: Carve out your future
with your own strength!
Next time on Yashahime:
"Father and Daughter."
RION: ...as strong as my father!